Phase 1 is mostly landed — Wikipedia and DuckDuckGo lookups are now correct (Stripe shows Article: "Stripe, Inc." FOUND and Knowledge panel from Wikipedia FOUND), Brand Authority moved from 35 → 90, the composite AEO Score moved 50 → 61, and the keyword-density false positive on the brand's own name is gone. Nice work.
Before moving to Phase 2, close these Phase 1 gaps and small regressions:
Phase 1 cleanup

Score transparency was missed. Each of the six score tiles (Citability, Brand Authority, Content Quality, Technical SEO, Structured Data, Platform Opt) still shows only a one-line subtitle. Add either:

A hover tooltip listing the 2–3 underlying signals and their measured values (e.g., for Citability: "Avg passage citability: 33/100 · Question-style headings: 4% · Answer capsules detected: 1"), or
A /methodology route the score tiles link to, with a short explanation of each signal and how it rolls up.

Either is fine — I just need a user to be able to answer "why is this 39?" without reading source.
Confirm lookup logging is in place. I asked for structured logs of every Wikipedia / DuckDuckGo / Wikidata lookup with query and raw response. Show me where those logs go (console, file, DB table) and a sample log line from the Stripe run.
Lowercase the hostname on display. The header and executive summary render https://Stripe.com. Normalize to lowercase before display in: the page header, the executive summary body, and the PDF export. Keep the original casing in storage.
Round absurd-precision stats when quoting them back. The executive summary quotes "1.64735697% Global GDP" verbatim from the page. When the LLM references on-page stats, round to the precision a human would write (1.6% or 1.65%).
Stop generating new unsourced stats. The new executive summary contains claims like "AI engines extract this pattern 73% more often than feature lists," "4× more reliably," and "deprioritize stale pages by an average of 43 ranking positions." These were invented by the LLM during summary generation. Until Phase 2 lands the sourcing system, update the executive-summary prompt to forbid quantitative claims that aren't already in our recommendations.json. The summary should describe what to do and why qualitatively, not invent new lift percentages.

When the five items above are done, show me the updated Stripe report and then start Phase 2.

Phase 2 — Source every claim (start after cleanup is verified)
Every quantitative claim shown in the report must trace to a verifiable source. The goal is that a sophisticated buyer can click any "+30.3%" or "+40%" and see exactly where it came from.

Create a single source of truth for recommendations. Add recommendations.json (or a DB table) where each recommendation has:

   {
     "id": "lead_with_direct_answer",
     "title": "Lead with a 40-60 word direct answer",
     "severity": "critical",
     "category": "answerability",
     "claim": "Highest-leverage rewrite per 2026 GEO practitioner data",
     "expectedLift": null,            // or a number if we have one
     "sourceType": "research" | "internal_benchmark" | "practitioner_consensus",
     "sourceUrl": "https://...",
     "sourceCitation": "Princeton/IIT Delhi, KDD 2024, Table 3",
     "verified": true | false
   }
Migrate every existing recommendation into this structure.

Audit each existing claim against its supposed source. Walk the current set:

"+30.3% AI citation visibility" (outbound links)
"+32% AI citation visibility" (expert quotes)
"+40% citation likelihood" (FAQ)
"+35-40% extraction rate" (answer capsules)
"83% of commercial AI citations come from sources updated in past 12 months"
"134-167 word optimal passage length"

For each: open the Princeton/IIT Delhi KDD 2024 paper and confirm whether the figure appears. If it does, set sourceType: "research" with the table/section citation. If it doesn't, downgrade to practitioner_consensus and remove the precise number unless we have our own benchmark to back it. Anything we can't verify and can't benchmark gets the number stripped — keep the qualitative recommendation, drop the false precision.
Render sources in the UI. Next to every stat in the Prioritized GEO Recommendations and Quick Wins sections, render a small superscript or badge that links to sourceUrl and shows sourceCitation on hover. Use distinct visual styling for the three sourceType values so a user can see at a glance which claims are paper-backed vs. internal vs. consensus.
Add a "Methodology & Sources" page at /methodology linked from the report footer. List every claim used in reports with its source, last-verified date, and verified boolean. This is the page I'll point skeptical prospects to.
Constrain the executive-summary LLM prompt. Pass the relevant recommendation objects (with their sources) into the summary prompt and instruct the model: only use stats that appear in the provided objects, do not invent new percentages or multipliers, and quote the source citation inline when using a stat. This is the structural fix for item 5 in the cleanup section above.
Backfill internal benchmarks where research is thin. For any claim that ends up practitioner_consensus, queue it for an internal benchmark study (a separate task — just create the list and surface it in admin). The list itself becomes our roadmap for converting consensus claims into internal_benchmark claims with a real n.

Constraints (same as Phase 1)

Don't change scoring weights.
Don't break existing /results/[id] URLs or PDF export.
Use the existing component library.

Start with the cleanup items 1–5. When those are verified on the Stripe report, begin Phase 2 with item 1 (the data structure) before touching the UI.